Privacy policy for Activation Information

By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you give LGE permission to use and share Activation Information, as defined in Section 2 below. Your consent is voluntary. You may retrieve the terms of your consent at any time by sending a message to: privacy-usmc@lge.com. 

1. Introduction
LG Electronics Inc. (“LGE” or “we”) is committed to protecting the information of those individuals and groups who use our smartphones. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, and share the Activation Information that we obtain as a result of your consent and, in particular, sets out:
-  What information LGE may obtain from you;
-  How LGE uses the information that it obtains;
-  When LGE shares information with others; and
-  How you may control LGE’s use and sharing of the information.

LG Service may provide access to software application and links to other services owned and operated by third parties including operating system providers and other contents and application providers. These third party services are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy and have their own policies that apply to the collection, use, and sharing of information in connection with their services. We encourage you to read those policies. LGE is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices of such third parties.

2. What information does LGE obtain?
LGE will collect the following information:  location information pertaining to the mobile retail store nearest to you at the time of activation (“Activation Information”). The information is collected for the purposes of better meeting demand in your country, supporting customer care operations or any other product support services that may be essential to you. 

3. How will LGE use the Activation Information it obtains?
We use information obtained from you for various purposes, including:

-  To analyze, review and improve the products and services we offer; and
-  To allocate product specialists according to geographical distribution of the products.


4. Information Sharing
We generally, do not share with third parties the Activation Information. Nevertheless, please be aware of the following circumstances where we may share such information with the following entities:
-  Affiliates and Subsidiaries. LGE may share the Activation Information with its affiliates and subsidiaries around the world only so long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. The term ‘affiliates’ or ‘subsidiaries’ refers to group companies who may be using LG name or who has common ownership or control such as LG CNS or LG Electronics U.S.A.,INC.("LGEUS");
- Third Party Service Providers. To third party vendors that LGE may engage to provide services on its behalf from time to time, such as to fulfill customer service requests;
- Other Parties When Required by Law. As required by court order or other government or law enforcement authorities in order to comply with legal process or law;
- Other Parties in Connection with Corporate Transactions. In connection with a corporate event, such as a merger or sale of all or part of LGE’s business (including that of a division or subsidiary), where LGE may need to disclose information to a potential buyer and its professional advisers;
- Other Parties When it is Necessary to Protect Our Service. In order to protect and defend our rights and property, including by way of legal proceedings;
- Other Parties When it is to Protect Any of Our Users’ Personal Safety or Property. In order to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.


5.  Overseas Transfers
We, our affiliates, subsidiaries, and suppliers may use the Activation Information  in countries other than where your device is located in connection with providing you with our service and any other purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. The data protection laws in many of these countries may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you are located. However, before transferring the Activation Information we will take steps to ensure that such information will be afforded the same level of protection. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy you expressly consent to us and our business associates and suppliers processing the Activation Information in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, Republic of Korea or United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 


6.  Security
We use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the Activation Information. Nevertheless, due to the design of the Internet, ever-changing technology, and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties or that we will not be subject to security breaches. We do not accept any responsibility for the disclosure of  the Activation Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties.


7.  Changes to LGE's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated by LGE from time to time. If we make a material change to our Privacy Policy, we will update you through LG website or other means. If you do not consent to the updated privacy policy, some of our features of the product may be restricted.

8.  Accessing Information
Under the laws of some jurisdictions you may be entitled to request details about the Activation Information LGE collects and to correct inaccuracies in the information or otherwise oppose, for legitimate purposes, the processing of  the information. If permitted by laws, a small fee for providing you with such service may be charged. Please note that we may decline to process your requests if they are unreasonably abusive, jeopardize the privacy of others, or are extremely impractical. If you would like to make a request to access information pertaining to the processing of  the information, please contact us at privacy-usmc@lge.com. Please be advised however that Activation Information is only retained for a limited amount of time and may be unavailable if requested.

9.  Contacting LGE about this Privacy Policy
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact privacy-usmc@lge.com.
